Imperial hackathon (#27)
UNIVERSE-HPC/UNIVERSE-HPC.github.io: _pages/events/2024-11-15_hackathon-imperial.md

---
layout: single
classes: wide
title: UNIVERSE-HPC Training Infrastructure Hackathon
permalink: /events/2024-11-15_hackathon-imperial/
author_profile: false

---

> **Join us for the third UNIVERSE-HPC Hackathon on Friday 15 November from 10:00 to 16:30 UTC**, which will take place **in person at the White City Campus of Imperial College London and online**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Join us for the third UNIVERSE-HPC Hackathon on Friday 15 November from 10:00 to 16:30 UTC**, which will take place **in person at Imperial College London's [White City Campus](https://www.imperial.ac.uk/white-city-campus/), and online**.

Everyone is welcome, whether you've participated in a previous UNIVERSE-HPC hackathon or not.
```
